"Let's just eat in peace and talk later," Martha said.
Though I wouldn't have believed it two weeks ago, peace of sorts prevails at Econ Scrutiny and with the lives of its employees. 
The roommates lived in peace together
In spite of the breath-catching vertical drop-offs, boulder-strewn tilting and rolling Jeep roads with their impossible angles of ascent, the solitude of being able to stare for miles and miles in any directions with not a soul in sight—all this melted away to a sense of awe and peace that made any anxiety evaporate like mountain mist on a summer morning.   
He had said his peace Wednesday when she gave notice.
If Santa had left presents at the Medena hacienda, none of them were peace and good will.
She withdrew, taking the feeling of peace with her.
Believe it or not, I come in peace, Damian said.
Dark memories crossed his mind, along with his resolve to finally let his brother's memory rest in the peace it deserved.    
Determined to find some peace and quiet, Wynn ignored the men racing in different directions through the hallways and went to one of the back stairwells.    
The idea of waking up to him each morning reminded her of how centered, energized and at peace she'd been after their first night together.   
I have no planet, half an army, no food or water for my people, and I must broker a peace deal.    
I don't want to place anyone in harm's way by holding back information but Julie is part of this nightmare and I want to keep peace if possible.     
Tired but more at peace with the strange world, she stretched out on the couch to watch TV.     
That type of heartache is rough, but I came to peace with it and was pretty happy with my expulsion, until a few days ago.     
The brunette stood between Traci and Rainy, as if she were trying to broker a peace deal between two warring countries.     
A hand swept the dark memories from her mind, and she sagged against Darian, feeling the same sense of peace overtake his mind.     
I said a creature who has never known peace will surrender unconditionally when he tastes it for the first time.     
It gave her a little bit of peace, knowing she wasn't solely at the mercy of the Immortal Laws and Fate. 
That was assault of a peace officer in the performance of his duty.     
It did sound as if the Dawkins boys' temporary peace had come to an end, but Dean paid little heed to the raised voices.     
She always experienced a sense of peace around the souls.    
"Peace, friend," Fate said, approaching.   
After awakening feeling at peace, he was close to pulling a Rhyn and decimating the world around him in an explosion of raw fury.     
Something about him touched her on a level that left her feeling at peace, as if he, too, understood what it was to face death each day and struggle to see the light instead of the surrounding darkness.     
He felt some peace knowing that --whatever Death wanted from him --she'd have to free him from Hell to get it.     
He'd found peace with Jade after Rhyn killed his first love, Lilith.     
Give me ten more minutes of peace, and leave these poor women alone!   
Wanting to give his friend, Rhyn, a moment of peace with his dead-dead parents, he waited until Rhyn was gone before withdrawing from the shadows.     
The Immortals deserved neither mercy nor peace, especially their leader.   
She trailed it, wanting nothing more than two minutes of relative peace so she could summon a portal.     
Peace will benefit the solar system, and your neighbors will be happy.     
He thought for a long moment, knowing no peace treaty could be reached with Qatwal.     
The sensations-- and the moment of peace he'd been denied for thousands of years-- made him uncomfortable.


A young man married is a fire-eater bound over to keep the peace; if he keeps it he worries it. 
Again Mel returned to his peace, and again he had to come forth. 
Algernon accepted the truce, and made it peace by casting off one glove. 
An England so steel-bright and efficient that the very sight should suffice to impose peace. 
And he returned to his own room with a curious sense of peace. 
At night Marko sent her word that she might sleep in peace, for things would soon be arranged and her father had left the city. 
Away from all the strife of men he was Journeying to a greater peace. 
But on that little pond the leaves floated in peace, and praised Heaven with their hues, the sunlight haunting over them. 
But slowly the peace and beauty of sea and sky, the flight of the lonely seagulls, made him feel ashamed. 
But this night, though the Spirit of Peace hovered so near, she did not seem to know it. 
But we go the lighter about our business, and feel peace and pleasure in our hearts. 
But we will finish our sail in peace. 
Colney would say, we have the spasms and they the peace. 
Could he ever have peace of mind for it again? 
Curiously perfect peace was left by their departure; blissful, yet blank, because his son was not there. 
Get Lord Elling to issue a warrant to prevent a breach of the peace. 
Give us your word, to hold your peace! 
Having done her utmost to guard her babe, she said her prayers; she stood for peace or the struggle. 
He appeared to be at war with his country after the peace. 
He did it to obtain peace; for no other cause. 
He quoted a distinguished Tory orator, to the effect, that any lengthened term of peace bred maggots in the heads of the people. 
He was briefly informed that he disturbed her peace. 
How little, she thought, would have been taken from the wealthy Katharina by the trifling gift which would have restored to her happiness and peace. (5)
I had been too deeply concerned in the mischief to be soon at peace. 
I have an uncle; I would not disturb my uncle; he is inventing guns and he wishes peace. 
I have at last found a haven, a refuge, and let those who condemn me compare the peace of their spirits with mine. 
I looked for peace, and thought it near. 
I mean peace will come. 
I must have peace; I cannot endure the pain. 
I say, do keep the peace, please. 
If he does, however, they will leave me in peace, which may be a decent equivalent for the reversion. 
If only for the peace it hath given me on one point, I am eternally bound to serve it. 
In the midst of all this, my marriage: I had seven weeks of peace; and then I saw what I was. 
Lady Charlotte had arranged to give him a moment in advance to make his peace. 
Lapham understood that she was trying to walk herself weary, and he was glad to hold his peace and let her have her way. 
Must he not then harbour his own daughter, and help her by candid atonement to regain her inward strength and peace? 
No sooner are we at peace than these are heard uttering low howls, and those are seen enviously glaring. 
One never got a moment of real peace. 
Out of Italy I have a terrible craving for peace. 
Perhaps, for the sake of peace . 
She could not quit that room in peace without seeing Captain Wentworth once more, without the interchange of one friendly look. 
She inclined more and more to that peace and quietness of which Montague Dartie had deprived her in her youth. 
She was occasionally useful to all; she was perhaps as much at peace as any. 
So, perhaps, having satiated her revenge, she might now be inclined for peace, on the terms of distant civility. 
Such a vessel rarely came to Venice even in times of peace, and in times of war there was no hope of any. 
Suddenly, to his disgust, came rumours of peace between the mighty belligerents. 
The cottage wore its usual air of embowered peace. 
The duchess had gone in advance to keep the peace. 
The might of the great hive hummed at the verge of her haven of peace without disturbing. 
The money wasted, the wife would be at peace. 
The soldier in peace is a citizen, etc. 
The two young men held their peace. 
The world can have no peace for it. 
Their manner of living, even when the restoration of peace dismissed them to a home, was unsettled in the extreme. 
Truly peace brooded over that garden. 
Unfortunately for my peace of mind, she went to the altar poignantly pale. 
What heads and mouths we shall all have when we wake up some fine morning with Peace shining in at the window! 
When some heavenly light shall have penetrated her, she will have a chance of peace. 
When the plan was made known to Mary, however, there was an end of all peace in it. 
Whose peace would it not cut up for ever? 
With which promise the peace was signed between them. 
You can have Peace with Honour, whatever you decide. 
Chimps and their form of malaria, therefore, have had lots of time to reach a peace agreement.
With peace talks now under way, however, the charges have become stumbling blocks toward an agreement.
This quiet cinematic journey tells a of tale grief, solace and peace.
She greatly deserves to rest in peace.
This collection of her speeches and writings is eloquent testimony to Kelly's commitment to peace.
She wants peace above all else, and will shout it as loud as she can.
May you and the rest of your family find comfort in your memories, and peace.
War is natural, as is peace.
Find a way to profit from peace.
Take peace! The gloom of the world is but a shadow.
Lennon put to music a simple catch phrase — “All we are saying is give peace a chance” — and the antiwar movement had its anthem.
He sought peace, but drinking heavily and brawling publicly, he failed to find it.
Wanting social peace, the colonists experienced plenty of conflict among themselves.
But a peace maintained by deterrence alone is a frail thing.
But, if they refuse to do so, there is little chance to ever reaching peace.
It calls for a negotiated settlement, based on the principle of exchanging land for peace.
Other, even more far-reaching security guarantees, were still being discussed and would be contingent on successful peace talks.
The two countries' peace process seems to be running on similar lines.
Some argue that trying to arrest such war criminals gets in the way of peace talks.
Being honest brings peace of mind, reduces stress and saves energy for survival tasks.
Close your eyes and breath and know again the peace that surrounds us always and all ways.
The best thing you can do is eat right, the next best thing is be focused and at peace.
In some ways, this collaboration kept communication open and may have contributed to the peace that followed.
But peace talks might break down before they even get started.
For anyone else, trying to forge a peace between these combatants would have been a fool's errand.
The discussions centered on trade and peace negotiations.
But the period of peace lasted for only about a year.
Later themes dealt with the tragedies of war and longing for peace.
The two would not meet again until after peace was declared.
Yet history has shown that peace will not come, nor will our freedom be preserved, by good will alone.
Let him now speak, or else hereafter for ever hold his peace.
The country is in a condition of profound peace as well as of unexampled prosperity.
For there to be progress in the empire, there must be peace.
And for there to be peace, the empire must espouse neutrality.
If army exists to keep the peace, then so must guns.
Peace treaty is what you sign, but peace is when you have normal relations.
Smart folk plot their meals in peace-dividing and conquering the uniformly delicious sides-and call up for delivery.
These suddenly smudged images of consonance and peace.
The whole saga has the air of a desperate striving for peace.
Now the winner has come with a box, which could contain anything from a peace offering to a bomb.
Thousands died although a peace had been negotiated.
Despite a resilient, even booming economy, peace and stability have rarely seemed so distant.
We made a wary peace, and over burners on their floors sometimes shared tea.
Peace be within thy walls, and plenteousness within thy palaces.
In nature, peace and violence are never far from each other.
There is a focus, both in the museum and in the memorial peace park which surrounds it, on the youngest casualties.
Think of it as a peace dividend from the end of the cold war.
Peace in the immediate future must hence be based on accommodation.
The route to progress depends on recognizing the centrality of politics to issues of war and peace.
He hopes to be at peace with his neighbours and the world, he writes, and he will do nothing to aggravate tensions.
All that is required is that they desire peace sufficiently.
Making peace, I have found, is much harder than making war.
I come into the peace of wild things who do not tax their lives with forethought of grief
The real challenge is preventing war, making peace-and keeping it.
And sometimes a third factor makes the dilemma still more intractable: a warlord with absolutely no interest in peace.
The words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace.
The peace of God, which passeth all understanding
Many argued his arrest was necessary if the country was to reunite in peace.




Lisa did the best she could to draw a map on the small piece of paper.3    
The most impressive piece was a massive oak table.    
She glanced down at her conservative one-piece suit and was suddenly consumed with fury.     
She'd like to give Claudette a piece of her mind, but that would be unprofessional.     
Claudette was going to get a piece of her mind.     
He picked up a piece of straw and leaned his back against the tree, picking his teeth.    
He turned his attention to the fire and tucked another piece of bark into the bright coals.     
For all you gadabouts and tourists used to driving hither and yon, a weekend trip to New England is a piece of cake.     
I'm here in one piece, sort of, and you've given me a clean slate to begin act two of my life.     
It was a Sports Illustrated swim suit issue so old they were wearing one piece suits.     
She was fully a part of him when they touched, as if he'd been missing more than a piece of his soul all these years and just now realized it.     
Say your piece and get out of here, Jule replied.     
Absently, she turned it into a frog then a flower then a piece of wood.     
When she'd touched him in the alley, she'd left a piece of herself within him.     
She pulled out the piece of paper Jule had written on.     
"I Googled your symptoms," Jake said and unfolded a piece of paper.     
I need him alive and preferably in one piece, Dusty, unlike the last time I sent someone to talk to you.     
"I will give you a piece of advice," he said, unaffected by her tirade.   
As each course came and went, she felt another piece of her die.     
He whispered words she wasn't able to make out then bit her again, this time hard enough for the pain to piece her dreamlike stage.     
When he joined the Deans in the bakery-smelling kitchen, any apparent distress over his pending jury duty had vanished like a last piece of pie, replaced with jokes about grand-fatherhood and changing diapers.     
Dean looked up from squeezing honey from a plastic bear onto a piece of whole wheat toast smeared with peanut butter.     
I'll take the smaller piece and let you have the sixty percent!     
This one looks like a busted piece of Halloween pottery.    
She tried on every piece of clothing today and took five baths to test the different soaps.     
Gabriel withdrew a piece of paper from his pocket as he went, studying the symbols.     
He scribbled them down onto another piece of paper and tore them off for Gabriel.     
It was the last piece of the puzzle.   
After getting them each a cup of coffee and a piece of the cherry pie she had made the day before, she sat down at the table with them.     
You're calling me a piece of shit for walking away, aren't you?     
Deidre wiped the blood off her foot onto a towel, unable to piece together what the hell was going on.     
The human named Deidre had to have it with her, a trinket or piece of jewelry with sentimental value that she never took off.     
"You're a real piece of work, preying on someone like her," Gabriel said.     
My only piece of good news today.    
Saundra came over to him with a piece of paper written in Spanish and asked if he could translate it for her.
They could be spending one second or one hour reading the piece of writing.
There are games that can be played in transportation for real reasons where a piece of paper and a crayon will work overnight.
When fed a new piece of music not in the database, the computer uses that training to infer how a human would characterize it.
Basically, you just need to buy specific pieces of gear.
My earliest memories was to save everything, even a piece of string.
Draw ten horizontal lines on a big piece of paper.
Someone at the top carefully made sure every piece was moving along.
Buying a book or a piece of music should be regarded as a license to enjoy it on any platform.
Rubbing a carpet with a piece of wet tissue to test its colorfastness is akin to licking a shirt before you buy it.
That may be the piece you are missing.
Most annoying piece of equipment: My helmet.
There are 6 pieces: vases and incense burners, shrines, teapots and candlesticks.
The piece would make me reconsider all this fact-checking business.
Insert twelve large lardoons in a four-pound piece of beef cut from the round.
While uttering the last sentence he was lifting a piece of pie to his mouth, but he let it drop as if out of awkwardness.
Cut each piece in quarters and crease with the dull edge of a case knife to represent folds of a fan.
Brush each piece with cold water half-way round close to edge.
Put a small piece of butter in each cap, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and serve as soon as butter has melted.
Put one piece in saucepan with yolks of eggs slightly beaten and mixed with water and lemon juice.
Split, and remove a small portion of cake from the centre of each piece.
With a fork, dip each piece of fish into beer batter, then lift out and let drain briefly.
The result is a piece that's eco-conscious and stylish.
It's treated as a freestanding piece of furniture, which adds to the feeling of spaciousness.
Then wet a piece of thin cotton string and drag it through the bowl.
Fill in the face of the wreath with remaining pods and add accents, attaching each piece separately with a florist's pick.
Anchor heavier branches by loosely tying together their stem ends with a piece of twine.
Nearly all have small bases that make you start asking questions about balance-first in the piece, then in art, then in life.
If it is, cut the omelet into pie-shaped wedges and try to turn them piece by piece.
Lightly dust each piece of dough and then place the dough on a lightly floured work surface.
And then you have to play and replay the piece and learn that the piece makes you feel either calmer or more energized.
The best way to learn what a successful last page piece is, and how it works, is to study several of them.
It seemed to be a plot that had exploded, which you then had to piece together.
It's sad that the fascinating area of gene-environment interactions isn't discussed at all in the piece.
Unfortunately, you took the easy route, and it really didn't make for an interesting piece.
One piece of the college data puzzle is figuring out how to bring that customization to important educational decisions.
For this, however, a new piece of kit will be needed.
Have them form small groups and give each group a piece of poster board or a large piece of paper.
Unlike any single piece of print journalism, its borders are extremely porous and its truth inherently transitory.
It is a key piece of the puzzle for building a sustainable future.
At single unit production levels, it is more a piece of artwork than a true solution.
Yes, the piece directly above these comments is not a one-sided puff piece.
It's almost as though you're not capturing an image, so much as you're capturing a piece of reality, which contains many images.
If one piece malfunctions or needs updating, programs and data automatically move to others.
Through low power the planet is easily resolved as a disk, and the four big moons were a piece of cake to spot.
Nearly every piece of technology is furious hand-waving.
It is a piece of slag, and anyone familiar with meteorites will recognize it as slag with the barest glace.
Among them is an ivory piece that appears to be the head of a partially complete human figurine.
Place bun on a piece of wax paper on a large baking sheet and cover loosely with plastic wrap.
Arrange each piece of pumpkin, cut side up, on a sheet of foil.
The next day, he said that he had liked the piece a lot, sounding a little bit surprised at himself.
Sprinkle each piece with salt and pepper, dip it in milk, and roll it in flour.
Nothing that happened-no fact, no piece of data-was going to alter their approach to investing money.
He never found out how much influence his little newspaper piece exerted on the minds of people who mattered.
From a thin piece of wire looped over one of the gate's central spikes hangs a large metal decoration.
The fastest-moving piece of that crisis is the unraveling of employer-based coverage.
Some cut a piece from a leaf and drop it to the ground, while others carry the leaf fragment to a depot.
He fought with the insurance company over virtually every piece of equipment that was needed.
New tire charts will help workers safely service single-piece and multi-piece rim wheels.
A piece of dancing driftwood caught his attention and his eyes followed it down the current. 
A piece of work of the elder ladies, a silken boudoir sofa-rug, was being examined, with high approval of the two younger. 
A fine piece in any room! 
A small bronze butterfly secured a square piece of paper with clipped corners to her dress. 
All the guests were greedy for a piece of him. 
And suppose you marry him, and he treats you like a piece of furniture? 
Another piece of Sunday business with the peasants is to take their ailments to the chemist for advice. 
Bella ought to have dusted that piece of air! 
Driving was the piece of skill she could not do. 
Encore him, and he plays you a national piece. 
Grandison made her treat this as a piece of satirical ingenuousness. 
Gregory worked till nearly three, and walked out to a bun-shop, where he lunched off a piece of cake and a cup of coffee. 
He had been detected trying to extract capital from the effect of his little piece of brotherly love. 
He puts a piece on zero and the bank hands him a sackful. 
He set about gathering up the relics on the desk, and getting a suitable piece of paper to wrap them in. 
He was greeted by a piece of cold boiled neck of mutton and a solitary dish of steaming potatoes. 
Her confidences to him he had excused, as a piece of conduct, in sympathy with her position. 
I consider Amelia is the most difficult character in the whole piece. 
I utterly forbid this piece of madness. 
I warrant a good bold piece of invention will fit them, too, some of them. 
It is a piece of irony, of which I must explain to you the importance. 
It is a good rule to be on your guard wherever you hear great professions about a very little piece of virtue. 
It seemed to her a great piece of luck that he had found that out. 
It was a fine piece of discernment in him. 
It was a little piece of truth. 
It will be pardoned to her by those who perceive the profound piece of feminine discernment which precedes it. 
Luckily the strength of the piece did not depend upon him. 
May I ask the name of the gentleman who has given us that striking piece of information? 
Nay, he probably brought to him from the kitchen, on his own account, a piece of roast meat or a sausage. 
Not even this small piece of generosity was permitted her, it seemed. 
Not one piece of furniture, no picture or porcelain figure appealed to modern taste. 
Over and about that hardy piece the shells exploded at intervals of a few seconds. 
Over her bosom, which hid the heart of a lady, rose and fell a piece of wonderful old lace. 
Perhaps he was not clear; it was a piece of skiamachy, difficult to render clear to the defeated. 
Pushed a little to her left and entirely neglected, lay a piece of dry toast on a small white plate. 
Rumford protested that he had abandoned his inquiry: it was a piece of foolishness: he had no feeling in it whatever, none. 
Seeing them, she shook the storm from her brows, with a dead smile; the best piece of serenity she could put on for public wear. 
She had brought Gyp a piece of news. 
She was frowning, as though resentful of a piece of work which had the power to kill her other pictures. 
Since coming to your country, the sole piece of fortune I have had was to tumble on a man like you. 
Such a dreadful piece of news! 
That long sleep of ours, we said, was really something laughable; we laughed at the recollection of it, a lamentable piece of merriment. 
The piece was too profitable a one to abandon, so he looked about anxiously, to supply the deficiency in his corps dramatique. 
The bird was on a plane-tree, and, with throat uplifted, was letting through his yellow beak that delicious piece of self-expression. 
The ladies smiled at this piece of simplicity which prompted him to use both his hands, as if one would not have been enough. 
The name was a possession, a concrete, unstained piece of property, the value of which would be reduced some twenty per cent. 
The pewter was now so hot that the edge of the quart took away a piece of my mouth at every effort. 
The purse was returned to her, without so much as a piece of silver in it; the man has flown. 
The sound moved something in him, and, taking out a piece of paper, he began to scribble on it with a pencil. 
The thing existed in his mind, not as a picture, but as a piece of irrefutable evidence. 
There seemed no end to the consequences of that piece of folly. 
They were working it in bits, not having contrivances to do it in a piece. 
This has been a most agreeable piece of news indeed. 
This is going to be my piece de resistance, my grand stunt. 
To detect the flavour of aean olive is no less a piece of human perfection than to find beauty in the colours of the sunset. 
Too much of a piece with the general unrest, and these new democratic ideas that were playing old Harry with the country! 
Too neat a piece of swindling altogether. 
Upon a calculation of the chances, merely for the humour of it, he laid a silver piece on the first six, which had been neglected. 
Was he of a piece with his intriguing sister? 
What a piece of luck! 
Whitford; you and I; sufficient for a two-act piece. 
You deserve great credit for your managing of that dear little good-natured piece of obstinate man. 
Gloucester. O, let me kiss that hand! Lear. Let me wipe it first, it smells of mortality.Gloucester. O ruined piece of nature! This great worldShall so wear out to nought.
An important piece of the evidence